Computer science has a lot of problems that I wish would change and the
biggest part is computer science education. That's, you know, the
field that I'm choosing to go into. It's really hard to learn where
to start with computer science. It's such a broad field and someone
that's interested in STEM comes to me and says, "What should I do? Where
should I start?" and I say, "Okay, well, pick up a programming
book, learn C#, learn C++ or learn any programming language actually
and even that, that should be enough to, like, start them on their
journey but it's not. There's so many different avenues to try and many
of them are, I have to admit, are badly worded. For instance, when
I was starting to learn computer science programming, some of the
books that I picked up were made by computer scientists. I don't think
that those are the ones that should be writing the computer science
books. I think the people that should be writing are the educators,
are the ones who think visually, are the ones who think graphically,
are the ones who think, "Well, you know, I'm showing C#, so I need
to put some bombs and some explosions and some, you know, some nicely
worded subtext. You know, like, I have to be able to write to
a ten-year old and that the ten-year old should understand it. Rather
than that, I think the ones who are really good at computer science,
they're really smart, they're, you know, egg heads, you could say
and then they decide to be educators and sometimes they don't match
up. So, I wish that there were better educational books out there for
computer science.